add flyway on iasql ecs+fargate tutorial (#36)
iasql/docs: docs/ECS Fargate Tutorials/flyway.md

 aws_security_group@0.0.1 | security_group                |            2
 aws_security_group@0.0.1 | security_group_rule           |            0
 aws_vpc@0.0.1            | vpc                           |            1
 aws_vpc@0.0.1            | subnet                        |            3
 aws_elb@0.0.1            | load_balancer                 |            0
 aws_elb@0.0.1            | target_group                  |            0
 aws_elb@0.0.1            | listener                      |            0
 aws_elb@0.0.1            | load_balancer_security_groups |            0
 aws_ecs_fargate@0.0.1    | cluster                       |            0
 aws_ecs_fargate@0.0.1    | service                       |            0
 aws_ecs_fargate@0.0.1    | task_definition               |            0
 aws_ecs_fargate@0.0.1    | container_definition          |            0
 aws_ecs_fargate@0.0.1    | service_security_groups       |            0
(17 rows)
```

## Connect to the hosted db and provision cloud resources in your AWS account

1. Get a local copy of the [ECS Fargate examples repository](https://github.com/iasql/ecs-fargate-examples)

```bash

> git clone git@github.com:iasql/ecs-fargate-examples.git
> cd ecs-fargate-examples/flyway

Reviewer: Since they're only interested in the `flyway` example, maybe instead we get them to filter out the stuff they don't care about?

```suggestion
git clone git@github.com:iasql/ecs-fargate-examples.git my_project
cd my_project
git filter-branch --subdirectory-filter flyway
```

Author: hmm good point

```

2. Install the Node.js project dependencies under the `quickstart/infra` folder

```bash
cd infra
npm i
```

> 3. Create a [`flyway.conf`](https://flywaydb.org/documentation/configuration/configfile) with the connection parameters provided on db creation. In this case:

Reviewer: Does this go in the `infra` directory? (Not entirely clear to me)

Author: hmm I'm using `infra` as the migrations folder so this goes right outside of it. the folder structure of the repo makes it more obvious, but let me rename to `migrations`

```conf title="ecs-fargate-examples/flyway/flyway.conf" {1-4}
flyway.url=jdbc:postgresql://db.iasql.com/_4b2bb09a59a411e4
flyway.user=d0va6ywg
flyway.password=nfdDh#EP4CyzveFr
flyway.locations=filesystem:infra
flyway.failOnMissingLocations=true

# Run all migrations by seting the baseline version for v0
# https://flywaydb.org/documentation/configuration/parameters/baselineVersion
flyway.baselineVersion=0.0
flyway.baselineOnMigrate=true
flyway.validateMigrationNaming=true
# Flyway supports placeholder replacement with configurable prefixes and suffixes.
# By default it looks for Ant-style placeholders like ${myplaceholder} in SQL syntax
flyway.placeholders.projectName=quickstart
flyway.placeholders.taskDefResources=2vCPU-8GB
flyway.placeholders.imageTag=latest
flyway.placeholders.containerMemReservation=8192
flyway.placeholders.port=8088
```

> 4. (Optional) Set the desired project name that your resources will be named after by changing `flyway.placeholders.projectName` in `ecs-fargate-examples/flyway/flyway.conf`. If the name is not changed, `quickstart` will be used.

Reviewer: If you go with my suggestion above this should be

```suggestion
4. (Optional) Set the desired project name that your resources will be named after by changing `flyway.placeholders.projectName` in `my_project/flyway.conf`. If the name is not changed, `quickstart` will be used.
```
